Issue forms/templates (#12617)
pantsbuild/pants: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report

> about: Help us make Pants better

Reviewer: This sounds very similar to feature request. Maybe "more reliable"? Or "Help us squash bugs"?

title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of the bug.

**Pants version**
Which version of Pants are you using?

**OS**
Are you encountering the bug on MacOS, Linux, or both?

**Additional info**

> Add any other information about the problem here, including attachments or links to gists.

Reviewer: This makes it sound like you must have a gist.

```suggestion
Add any other information about the problem here, e.g. any attachments or links to gists.

It's often helpful to run with `./pants -ldebug` and copy and paste all the output into a gist.
```
